Release notes. (#9639)
organicmaps/organicmaps: android/app/src/fdroid/play/listings/en-US/release-notes.txt

> - New OpenStreetMap data as of November 7.
> - Added map language preference menu.
> - Auto night mode switch now works.
> - Added new OSM attractions types (water_slide, amusement_ride, carousel, roller_coaster, big_wheel, ...).
> - Added traffic signals to the map (z19-) and navigation (z15-).
> - Fixed bug with importing/reading ill-formed gpx/kml tracks.
> - Use CDATA for name/cmt when exporting tracks.
> - Fixed search ranking for partial name match.
> - A bunch of localization enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New OpenStreetMap data as of November 7.
- Added a map language setting.
- Fixed auto night mode setting and added a navigation only option.
- Added water slides, carousels, ferris wheels, etc.
- Added traffic signals (more visible in car navigation).
- Updated the OSM login screen.
- Fixed import of some ill-formed gpx/kml tracks.
- Added tracks' descriptions into exported GPX.
- Various search improvements, translation updates, bug fixes...
```
